feat: inbox preference grouping and shadow root detection (#846)
novuhq/docs: content/docs/platform/inbox/react/styling.mdx

```

<Callout type="info">
  Note: When rendering the custom notification component, you will need to parse the text and apply the bold styling accordingly.
</Callout>

> Currently, we only support bold text. Other text formatting options will be available in the future. You can learn more about the Novu Framework in-app step [here](/framework/typescript/steps/inApp).

Reviewer: Who is "we"? Rewrite.

Reviewer: Also, avoid using vague terms such as "here" as link text. Whenever possible, the link text should match the title of the target.

> ## Render Notification Component

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Render notification vomponent
```

  }}
/>;
```

## The Inbox styles placement

> The Inbox component's styles by default are placed under the head tag of the page. However, when the Inbox component is rendered within a shadow DOM, it automatically detects it, ensuring style isolation at the shadow root level with no extra configuration required.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The <Method href="/platform/inbox/react/components/inbox">{`<Inbox />`}</Method> component automatically injects its styles into the `<head>` tag of the HTML document when rendered in the standard DOM. 

However, when rendered inside a shadow DOM, it detects the shadow context and injects styles into the shadow root instead. This ensures proper style encapsulation and prevents leakage or conflicts with global styles without any additional configuration.
```

  }}
/>;
```

> ## The Inbox styles placement

Reviewer 2: Can we show what we are talking about instead of just stating it? Are code example would be great
